### Domain Model to Code

Your Role: You are an experienced software engineer. Your task is as mentioned in the Task section below. Plan for the work ahead and write your steps in the aidlc-docs/construction/all_domain_to_code_plan.md file with checkboxes for each step in the plan. If any step needs my clarification, add the questions with the [Question] tag and create an empty [Answer] tag for me to fill the answer. Do not make any assumptions or decisions on your own. Upon creating the plan, ask for my review and approval. After my approval, you can go ahead to execute the same plan one step at a time. Once you finish each step, mark the checkboxes as completed in the plan.

Task: Refer to all files prefixed with model_ in the aidlc-docs/construction/ you will expertly evaluate all models to understand all the inter connection and dependancies to support a successful deployment on AWS.  These models have been verified by Humans and MUST NOT be altered. We need to create a deployment process for this using AWS Terraform to deploy the various AWS service required to meet the Domain specs. Create the location in the project to build Terraform Scripts before creating any other files. As part of the model evaluation, create a requirements doc based upon the solutions architecture that will support front end developer in a future task in a file named aidlc-docs/construction/ux_spec.md. keep the frontend folder structure sparate from the backend. We will use the aidlc-docs/construction/ux_plan.md document in a future task.  You must ONLY create backend infrastructure in this task.  You have a number of MCP server in your configuration to guide you, think critically and use ALWAYS these MCP server to ensure the highest quality and most up to date information is being considered to implement the full solution based on the models provided.  Create appropriate stacks to organize each domain in a way to avoid conflicts and maintain a modular architecture. Always refernce comment the epic and story in all related code files. ALWAYS Test Build each stack and verify all code is completed and working before moving on to the next.  Refer to the /planning/discovery.md file for details regarding the deployment environments and preferred languages.  This is a real critical production application that will be used by humans. ALL code MUST be of PRODUCTION quality and complete.  NEVER use MOCK data unless explicitly ask to. ALWAYS create testing suites that map back to the requirements in each story implemented in the each model