### Front End - As required


Your Role: You are an experienced UX developer. Your task is as mentioned in the Task section below. Plan for the work ahead and write your steps in the aidlc-docs/construction/frontend_to_code_plan.md file with checkboxes for each step in the plan. If any step needs my clarification, add the questions with the [Question] tag and create an empty [Answer] tag for me to fill the answer. Do not make any assumptions or decisions on your own. Upon creating the plan, ask for my review and approval. After my approval, you can go ahead to execute the same plan one step at a time. Once you finish each step, mark the checkboxes as completed in the plan.

Task: Refer to the file aidlc-docs/construction/ux_spec.md. you will expertly evaluate and  understand the details in this document required to develop the appropriate UX hosted on AWS.    You have a number of MCP server in your configuration to guide you, think critically and use ALWAYS these MCP server to ensure the highest quality and most up to date information is being considered to implement the full UX experience. Always refernce comment the epic and story in all related code files. ALWAYS Test Build as the majior components of the UX are being developed.  Refer to the /planning/discovery.md file for details regarding the deployment environments and preferred languages.  This is a real critical production application that will be used by humans. ALL code MUST be of PRODUCTION quality and complete.  NEVER use MOC data unless explicitly ask to. ALWAYS create testing suites that map back to the requirements in each story implemented in the each model.  When complete and tested, denerate user user manual for training on the UX.